now some of the elders of Israel came to
me and sat before me and the word of the
Lord came to me son of man these men
have set up their idols in their hearts
and put before them that which causes
them to stumble into iniquity should I
let myself be inquired of at all by them
therefore speak to them and say to them
thus says the Lord God every one of the
house of Israel who sets up his idols in
his heart and puts before him what
causes him to stumble into iniquity and
then comes to the Prophet I the Lord
will answer him who comes according to
the multitude of his idols that I may
seize the house of Israel by their heart
because they are all estranged from me
by their idols therefore say to the
house of Israel thus says the Lord God
repent turn away from your idols and
turn your faces away from all your
abominations for anyone of the house of
Israel or of the strangers who dwell in
Israel who separates himself from me and
sets up his idols in his heart and puts
before him what causes him to stumble
into iniquity then comes to a prophet to
inquire of him concerning me ah hey the
Lord will answer him by myself I will
set my face against that man and make
him a sign and a proverb and I will cut
him off from the midst of my people then
you shall know that I am
the Lord and if the profit is induced to
speak anything I the LORD have induced
that profit and I will stretch out my
hand against him and destroy him from
among my people Israel and they shall
bear their iniquities the punishment of
the prophet shall be the same as the
punishment of the one who inquired that
the house of Israel may no longer stray
from me nor be profaned anymore with all
their transgressions but that they may
be my people and I may be their God says
the Lord God the word of the Lord came
again to me son of man when a land sins
against me by persistent unfaithfulness
I will stretch out my hand against it I
will cut off its supply of bread send
famine on it and cut off man and beast
from it even if these three men nor
Daniel and Jove were in it they would
deliver only themselves by their
righteousness if I caused wild beasts to
pass through the land and they empty it
and make it so desolate that no man may
pass through because of the beasts even
though these three men were in it as I
live they would deliver neither sons nor
daughters only they would be delivered
and the land would be desolate what if I
bring a sword on that land and say sword
go through the land and I cut off man
and beast from it even though these
three men were in it as I live they
would deliver neither sons nor daughters
but only they themselves would be
delivered
or if I send a pestilence into that land
and pour out my fury on it in blood and
cut off from it man and beast
even though Noah Daniel and Jobe were in
it as I live they would deliver neither
son nor daughter they would deliver only
themselves by their righteousness for
thus says the Lord God how much more it
shall be when I send my for severe
judgments on Jerusalem the sword and
famine and wild beasts and pestilence to
cut off man and beast from it
yet behold there shall be left in it a
remnant who will be brought out both
sons and daughters surely they will come
out to you and you will see their ways
and their doings then you will be
comforted concerning the disaster that I
have brought upon Jerusalem all that I
have brought upon it and they will
comfort you when you see their ways and
their doings and you shall know that I
have done nothing without cause that I
have done in it says the Lord God
[Music]